This directory contains several utilities. Most of them are only useful
to me during development. The last few might be useful to libslack users.

For libslack development
------------------------
check-pod-prototypes # check description = source
check-pod-header     # check header = description
check-pod-synopsis   # check synopsis = header
check-pod            # check source = description = header = synopsis

	These scripts help to guarantee that at least the formal parts of the
	libslack documentation accurately reflect the code. The first checks
	that the function prototypes that will appear in the DESCRIPTION
	sections of each module's manpage exactly matches the header of the
	function itself. The second checks that the typedefs and function
	prototypes in the header files exactly match the same information in the
	SYNOPSIS section of the corresponding module's manpage. The third checks
	that the function prototypes in each header file exactly matches the
	function prototypes in the DESCRIPTION section of the corresponding
	module's manpage. Together, these three scripts guarantee that the
	typedefs and function prototypes in the manpages match the header files
	and the source code. The fourth combines the above checks.

check-examples # check the examples in the manpages

	This script extracts the example programs in the module manpages
	and compiles and executes them to make sure that they are correct.
	It asks the user for command line arguments for each example.

Html.pm [not included in the distribution (43KB) - available on request]

	There's a butchered version of Html.pm that I use to generate the HTML
	versions of the documentation. It is used by pod2html. The original
	version tries to make hyperlinks to things that it shouldn't because it
	assumes that the POD being converted into HTML is a perl related
	manpage. The assumptions that it makes are wrong for C library manpages.

viconf

	There's a script to help me maintain the stupid configuration files at
	least until I start using autoconf.

For client development
----------------------
analyse-debug-locker

	This script might be useful to users. It reads the output of the debug
	lockers defined in the locker module and shows where any deadlocks have
	occurred.

prefix

	This script might also be useful to users. It adds a prefix to all
	identifiers (or selected identifiers) in libslack in case you need to
	guarantee local uniqueness of C identifiers on your system.

Makefile

	The Makefile lets you install and uninstall analyse-debug-locker and the
	header files generated by prefix onto your system.
	Type "make help" for details.

migrate-properties

	Version 0.6.2 changed the format of properties files. Before then,
	leading spaces in values used to be kept, now they're stripped unless
	quoted so this quotes them. Spaces before the '=' character used to be
	stripped from the property name as well and now they're only stripped
	if not quoted. This does nothing about that because it is assumed that
	nobody was doing things like "a\ =b" when the "\" meant nothing.

